notes/_links.mdx, before:

---
title: Links
created: 12/27/24
tags: web,local-first,crdt
---

Dumping ground for various links of things I have read or been wanting to check out at some point. I had been keeping these in bookmarks, but the default experience lacks re-discoverability so stuff just kinda sits there. For now I'll see if putting it here increases the likelihood of revisiting them.

---

Architecture/refactoring:
- [Modularizing React Applications with Established UI Patterns](https://martinfowler.com/articles/modularizing-react-apps.html)

Tech [critique]:

- [Why I Won't Use AI](https://agentultra.com/blog/why-i-wont-use-ai/index.html)
- [AI Crap by Drew Devault](https://drewdevault.com/2023/08/29/2023-08-29-AI-crap.html)
- [Post-Open Source](https://www.boringcactus.com/2020/08/13/post-open-source.html)
- [Capitalism and Computers in the Era of A.I. (syllabus)](https://cceai.ohrg.org/syllabus.pdf)
- [Papers for Software Engineers](https://github.com/facundoolano/software-papers)

Local/offline first:

- [Ink & Switch](https://www.inkandswitch.com/): research lab with primary themes: malleable software, programmable ink, local-first (I think [they coined this term](https://www.inkandswitch.com/local-first/)?)
- [earthstar project](https://earthstar-project.org/): distributed, offline-first database
- [electric-sql](https://electric-sql.com/): sync postgres database into local apps

Imported from my "CRDT" bookmarks, still needs some cleanup!

- [Conflict-free replicated data type - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conflict-free_replicated_data_type)
- [RR-7687.pdf](https://pages.lip6.fr/Marc.Shapiro/papers/RR-7687.pdf)
- [LSEQ: an Adaptive Structure for Sequences in Distributed Collaborative Editing](https://hal.archives-ouvertes.fr/hal-00921633/document)
- [CRDT: Conflict-free Replicated Data Types – Anton Zagorskii – Medium](https://medium.com/@amberovsky/crdt-conflict-free-replicated-data-types-b4bfc8459d26)
- [A Look at Conflict-Free Replicated Data Types (CRDT)](https://medium.com/@istanbul_techie/a-look-at-conflict-free-replicated-data-types-crdt-221a5f629e7e)
- [Conclave Case Study - A private and secure real-time collaborative text editor](https://conclave-team.github.io/conclave-site/)
- [A simple approach to building a real-time collaborative text editor - Digital Freepen](http://digitalfreepen.com/2017/10/06/simple-real-time-collaborative-text-editor.html)
- [share/sharedb: Realtime database backend based on Operational Transformation (OT)](https://github.com/share/sharedb)
- [Simperium - Overview](https://simperium.com/overview/)
- [atom/xray: An experimental next-generation Electron-based text editor](https://github.com/atom/xray)
- [xray/memo_core at master · atom/xray](https://github.com/atom/xray/tree/master/memo_core)
- [atom/teletype-client: Editor-agnostic library managing client interaction for peer-to-peer collaborative editing in Teletype for Atom](https://github.com/atom/teletype-client)
- [atom/teletype-crdt: String-wise sequence CRDT powering peer-to-peer collaborative editing in Teletype for Atom.](https://github.com/atom/teletype-crdt)
- [atom/teletype: Share your workspace with team members and collaborate on code in real time in Atom](https://github.com/atom/teletype)
- [Building Conclave: a decentralized, real time, collaborative text editor](https://hackernoon.com/building-conclave-a-decentralized-real-time-collaborative-text-editor-a6ab438fe79f)
- [ipfs-shipyard/js-delta-crdts: Delta State-based CRDTs in Javascript](https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/js-delta-crdts)
- [atom/teletype-server: Server-side application that facilitates peer discovery for collaborative editing sessions in Teletype](https://github.com/atom/teletype-server)
- [atom/teletype-server: Server-side application that facilitates peer discovery for collaborative editing sessions in Teletype](https://github.com/atom/teletype-server)

These were imported from my "noted" bookmarks folder, and it's kinda all over the place. The main themes are productivity apps, real-time collaboration and off-line first (I think crdt stuff bleeds into here as well), and probably some UI/design ideas!

- [Why a Visual Workspace | Walling](https://walling.app/visual-workspace)
- [Brisqi – Offline-first Personal Kanban App](https://brisqi.com/)
- [zadam/trilium: Build your personal knowledge base with Trilium Notes](https://github.com/zadam/trilium)
- [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/)
- [CRDTs - Everything I know](https://wiki.nikitavoloboev.xyz/distributed-systems/crdt)
- [Nozbe/WatermelonDB: 🍉 Reactive & asynchronous database for powerful React and React Native apps ⚡️](https://github.com/Nozbe/WatermelonDB)
- [How to Build WatermelonDB Sync Backend in Elixir | Fahri NH](https://fahri.id/posts/how-to-build-watermelondb-sync-backend-in-elixir/)
- [pubkey/rxdb: 🔄 A realtime Database for JavaScript Applications](https://github.com/pubkey/rxdb)
- [irislib/iris-lib: Library for encrypted GUN channels and contact list management](https://github.com/irislib/iris-lib)
- [GUN — the database for freedom fighters - Docs v2.0](https://gun.eco/docs/Todo-Dapp)
- [Stacks - Secure productivity tool](https://stacks.rocks/)
- [lukasbach/yana: Powerful note-taking app with nested documents, full-text search, rich-text editor, code snippet editor and more](https://github.com/lukasbach/yana)
- [adazzle/react-data-grid: Feature-rich and customizable data grid React component](https://github.com/adazzle/react-data-grid)
- [react-grid-layout/react-grid-layout: A draggable and resizable grid layout with responsive breakpoints, for React.](https://github.com/react-grid-layout/react-grid-layout)
- [The Dashboards – Support](https://support.monday.com/hc/en-us/articles/360002187819-What-are-the-Dashboards-)
- [socketio/socket.io-redis-emitter: The Socket.IO Redis emitter, allowing to communicate with a group of Socket.IO servers from another Node.js process.](https://github.com/socketio/socket.io-redis-emitter)
- [Working with page content](https://developers.notion.com/docs/working-with-page-content)
- [All-in-One Collaboration. Remote Team Workspace. | Taskade](https://www.taskade.com/)
- [Dynalist demo](https://dynalist.io/demo/zGF4ozIIEEzkbFUKE-8Z5xgQ)
- [LegendKeeper - The best worldbuilding app for DMs](https://www.legendkeeper.com/)
- [Nimbus Web: A collaboration tool for your teamwork and business growth](https://nimbusweb.me/)
- [ticlo/rc-dock: Dock Layout for React Component](https://github.com/ticlo/rc-dock)
- [react-grid-layout/react-grid-layout: A draggable and resizable grid layout with responsive breakpoints, for React.](https://github.com/react-grid-layout/react-grid-layout#features)
- [yjs/y-prosemirror: ProseMirror editor binding for Yjs](https://github.com/yjs/y-prosemirror/)
- [yjs/y-leveldb: LevelDB database adapter for Yjs](https://github.com/yjs/y-leveldb)
- [josephg/diamond-types: The world's fastest CRDT. WIP.](https://github.com/josephg/diamond-types)
- [webclipper/web-clipper: For Notion,OneNote,Bear,Yuque,Joplin。Clip anything to anywhere](https://github.com/webclipper/web-clipper)
- [Apache Guacamole™](https://guacamole.apache.org/)
- [YousefED/SyncedStore: SyncedStore CRDT is an easy-to-use library for building live, collaborative applications that sync automatically.](https://github.com/YousefED/SyncedStore)
- [Nuclino | Your team’s collective brain](https://www.nuclino.com/)
- [Games | kittr](https://kittr.gg/games)
- [Tally Forms](https://tally.so/)
- [gildas-lormeau/SingleFileZ: Web Extension for Firefox/MS Edge and CLI tool to save a faithful copy of an entire web page in a self-extracting HTML/ZIP polyglot file](https://github.com/gildas-lormeau/SingleFileZ)
- [gildas-lormeau/SingleFile: Web Extension for Firefox/Chrome/MS Edge and CLI tool to save a faithful copy of an entire web page in a single HTML file](https://github.com/gildas-lormeau/SingleFile)
- [Walling - Visual space for your ideas, plans and projects.](https://walling.app/)
- [Znote - Markdown and Javascript Lab inspired by Jupyter](https://znote.io/)
- [seokju-na/geeks-diary: TIL writing tool for programmer](https://github.com/seokju-na/geeks-diary)
- [johannesjo/super-productivity: Super Productivity is an advanced todo list app with integrated Timeboxing and time tracking capabilities. It also comes with integrations for Jira, Gitlab, GitHub and Open Project.](https://github.com/johannesjo/super-productivity)
- [Eagle - Organize all your reference images in one place](https://eagle.cool/)
- [Inkdrop - Note-taking App with Robust Markdown Editor | Inkdrop](https://www.inkdrop.app/)
- [Introduction to the Zettelkasten Method • Zettelkasten Method](https://zettelkasten.de/introduction/)
- [What is a Zettelkasten? : Zettelkasten](https://www.reddit.com/r/Zettelkasten/comments/b566a4/what_is_a_zettelkasten/)
- [Explorable Explanations - Reactive Documents](http://worrydream.com/ExplorableExplanations/#reactiveDocument)
- [Ten Brighter Ideas? An Explorable Explanation](http://worrydream.com/TenBrighterIdeas/)
- [Introduction to SyncedStore | SyncedStore - Javascript CRDT based real-time sync](https://syncedstore.org/docs/)
- [The Visual Collaboration Platform for Every Team | Miro](https://miro.com/)
- [Infinite Canvas](https://infinitecanvas.tools/)
- [Kinopio](https://kinopio.club/)
- [Unbundling Tools for Thought](about:reader?url=https%3A%2F%2Fborretti.me%2Farticle%2Funbundling-tools-for-thought)
- [Collaborative Editing Backend – Hocuspocus](https://tiptap.dev/hocuspocus/)
- [YousefED/BlockNote: A "Notion-style" block-based extensible text editor built on top of Prosemirror and Tiptap.](https://github.com/YousefED/BlockNote)
- [apitable/apitable: 🚀🎉📚 APITable, an API-oriented low-code platform for building collaborative apps and better than all other Airtable open-source alternatives. [WIP]](https://github.com/apitable/apitable)
- [aardappel/treesheets: TreeSheets : Free Form Data Organizer (see strlen.com/treesheets)](https://github.com/aardappel/treesheets)
- [Dozuki | Create the Frontline of the Future](https://www.dozuki.com/)
- [ether/etherpad-lite: Etherpad: A modern really-real-time collaborative document editor.](https://github.com/ether/etherpad-lite)
- [sanity-io/sanity: Sanity Studio – Rapidly configure content workspaces powered by structured content](https://github.com/sanity-io/sanity)
- [konvajs/konva: Konva.js is an HTML5 Canvas JavaScript framework that extends the 2d context by enabling canvas interactivity for desktop and mobile applications.](https://github.com/konvajs/konva)
- [Building data-centric apps with a reactive relational database](https://riffle.systems/essays/prelude/)
- [A UI library for a relational language](https://www.scattered-thoughts.net/writing/relational-ui/)
- [Project Cambria: Translate your data with lenses](https://www.inkandswitch.com/cambria/)
- [FortuneSheet Document](https://ruilisi.github.io/fortune-sheet-docs/)
- [Overview — Kinto 15.0 documentation](https://docs.kinto-storage.org/en/stable/overview.html)
- [A Gentle Introduction to CRDTs - vlcn.io](https://vlcn.io/blog/gentle-intro-to-crdts.html)
- [Local-First Web Development](https://localfirstweb.dev/)
- [evoluhq/evolu: React Hooks library for local-first apps with end-to-end encrypted backup and sync using SQLite and CRDT](https://github.com/evoluhq/evolu)
- [jlongster/absurd-sql: sqlite3 in ur indexeddb (hopefully a better backend soon)](https://github.com/jlongster/absurd-sql)
- [vlcn.io - Device Sync & Collaboration Simplified](https://vlcn.io/)
- [Strut - An HTML5 Presentation Editor](http://strut.io/#!)
- [tantaman/Strut: Strut - An Impress.js and Bespoke.js Presentation Editor](https://github.com/tantaman/strut)
- [TinyBase](https://tinybase.org/)
- [In Search of a Local-First Database | Jared Forsyth.com](https://jaredforsyth.com/posts/in-search-of-a-local-first-database/)
- [Home - remoteStorage](https://remotestorage.io/)
- [Home · Solid](https://solidproject.org/)
- [Kinto Storage - A generic JSON document store with sharing and synchronisation capabilities](https://www.kinto-storage.org/)
- [Slite – Your Modern Knowledge Base](https://slite.com/)
- [talk - dotjs-crdt-slides.pdf](https://archive.jlongster.com/s/dotjs-crdt-slides.pdf)
- [BaldissaraMatheus/Tasks.md: A self-hosted, file based task management board that supports Markdown syntax](https://github.com/BaldissaraMatheus/Tasks.md)
- [peer-base/peer-pad: 📝 Online editor providing collaborative editing in really real-time using CRDTs and IPFS.](https://github.com/peer-base/peer-pad)
- [DeepNotesApp/DeepNotes: End-to-end encrypted visual note-taking tool with deep page navigation.](https://github.com/DeepNotesApp/DeepNotes)
- [The Wails Project | Wails](https://wails.io/)
- [appsmithorg/appsmith: Framework to build admin panels, internal tools, and dashboards. Integrates with 15+ databases and any API.](https://github.com/appsmithorg/appsmith)
- [pacocoursey/cmdk: Fast, unstyled command menu React component.](https://github.com/pacocoursey/cmdk)
- [makeplane/plane: 🔥 🔥 🔥 Open Source JIRA, Linear and Height Alternative. Plane helps you track your issues, epics, and product roadmaps in the simplest way possible.](https://github.com/makeplane/plane)
- [GetPublii/Publii: The most intuitive Static Site CMS designed for SEO-optimized and privacy-focused websites.](https://github.com/GetPublii/Publii/tree/master)
- [Bonfire](https://bonfirenetworks.org/)
- [Local-First Web Development | Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=34857435)
- [bangle-io/bangle.dev: Collection of higher level rich text editing tools. It powers the local only note taking app https://bangle.io](https://github.com/bangle-io/bangle.dev)
- [bangle-io/bangle-io: A web only WYSIWYG note taking app that saves notes locally in markdown format.](https://github.com/bangle-io/bangle-io/tree/dev)
- [windingwind/zotero-better-notes: Everything about note management. All in Zotero.](https://github.com/windingwind/zotero-better-notes)
- [Skiff - Private, encrypted, secure email - 10 GB free](https://skiff.com/)
- [Floutwork](https://www.floutwork.com/)
- [omnivore-app/omnivore: Omnivore is a complete, open source read-it-later solution for people who like reading.](https://github.com/omnivore-app/omnivore)
- [The open-source, self-hostable to-do app | Vikunja](https://vikunja.io/)
- [streetwriters/notesnook: A fully open source & end-to-end encrypted note taking alternative to Evernote.](https://github.com/streetwriters/notesnook)
- [Nino](https://nino.app/)
- [Dimension — The new standard for collaboration.](https://www.dimension.dev/)
- [Heynote](https://heynote.com/)
- [GitHub - teableio/teable: ✨ A Super fast, Real-time, Professional, Developer friendly, No code database](https://github.com/teableio/teable/tree/develop)
- [GitHub - teableio/teable: ✨ A Super fast, Real-time, Professional, Developer friendly, No code database](https://github.com/teableio/teable)
- [tk04/Marker: A Desktop App for Easily Viewing and Editing Markdown Files](https://github.com/tk04/Marker)
- [Stashpad - Your streamlined Google Docs alternative](https://www.stashpad.com/)
- [peer-base/peer-pad at 749aac1a0ea27ac50b48f662437aa50e225d1148](https://github.com/peer-base/peer-pad/tree/749aac1a0ea27ac50b48f662437aa50e225d1148)
- [Amie](https://amie.so/)
- [orbitinghail/sqlsync: SQLSync is a collaborative offline-first wrapper around SQLite. It is designed to synchronize web application state between users, devices, and the edge.](https://github.com/orbitinghail/)

Commit message:

add instant; move sections around

notes/_links.mdx, after:

---
title: Links
created: 12/27/24
tags: web,local-first,crdt
---

Dumping ground for various links of things I have read or been wanting to check out at some point. I had been keeping these in bookmarks, but the default experience lacks re-discoverability so stuff just kinda sits there. For now I'll see if putting it here increases the likelihood of revisiting them.

---

Tech [critique]:

- [Why I Won't Use AI](https://agentultra.com/blog/why-i-wont-use-ai/index.html)
- [AI Crap by Drew Devault](https://drewdevault.com/2023/08/29/2023-08-29-AI-crap.html)
- [Post-Open Source](https://www.boringcactus.com/2020/08/13/post-open-source.html)
- [Capitalism and Computers in the Era of A.I. (syllabus)](https://cceai.ohrg.org/syllabus.pdf)
- [Papers for Software Engineers](https://github.com/facundoolano/software-papers)

Local/offline first:

- [Ink & Switch](https://www.inkandswitch.com/): research lab with primary themes: malleable software, programmable ink, local-first (I think [they coined this term](https://www.inkandswitch.com/local-first/)?)
- [earthstar project](https://earthstar-project.org/): distributed, offline-first database
- [electric-sql](https://electric-sql.com/): sync postgres database into local apps
- [Instant](https://github.com/instantdb/instant): "modern firebase", appears to be self-hostable

Architecture/refactoring:

- [Modularizing React Applications with Established UI Patterns](https://martinfowler.com/articles/modularizing-react-apps.html)

Imported from my "CRDT" bookmarks, still needs some cleanup!

- [Conflict-free replicated data type - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conflict-free_replicated_data_type)
- [RR-7687.pdf](https://pages.lip6.fr/Marc.Shapiro/papers/RR-7687.pdf)
- [LSEQ: an Adaptive Structure for Sequences in Distributed Collaborative Editing](https://hal.archives-ouvertes.fr/hal-00921633/document)
- [CRDT: Conflict-free Replicated Data Types – Anton Zagorskii – Medium](https://medium.com/@amberovsky/crdt-conflict-free-replicated-data-types-b4bfc8459d26)
- [A Look at Conflict-Free Replicated Data Types (CRDT)](https://medium.com/@istanbul_techie/a-look-at-conflict-free-replicated-data-types-crdt-221a5f629e7e)
- [Conclave Case Study - A private and secure real-time collaborative text editor](https://conclave-team.github.io/conclave-site/)
- [A simple approach to building a real-time collaborative text editor - Digital Freepen](http://digitalfreepen.com/2017/10/06/simple-real-time-collaborative-text-editor.html)
- [share/sharedb: Realtime database backend based on Operational Transformation (OT)](https://github.com/share/sharedb)
- [Simperium - Overview](https://simperium.com/overview/)
- [atom/xray: An experimental next-generation Electron-based text editor](https://github.com/atom/xray)
- [xray/memo_core at master · atom/xray](https://github.com/atom/xray/tree/master/memo_core)
- [atom/teletype-client: Editor-agnostic library managing client interaction for peer-to-peer collaborative editing in Teletype for Atom](https://github.com/atom/teletype-client)
- [atom/teletype-crdt: String-wise sequence CRDT powering peer-to-peer collaborative editing in Teletype for Atom.](https://github.com/atom/teletype-crdt)
- [atom/teletype: Share your workspace with team members and collaborate on code in real time in Atom](https://github.com/atom/teletype)
- [Building Conclave: a decentralized, real time, collaborative text editor](https://hackernoon.com/building-conclave-a-decentralized-real-time-collaborative-text-editor-a6ab438fe79f)
- [ipfs-shipyard/js-delta-crdts: Delta State-based CRDTs in Javascript](https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/js-delta-crdts)
- [atom/teletype-server: Server-side application that facilitates peer discovery for collaborative editing sessions in Teletype](https://github.com/atom/teletype-server)
- [atom/teletype-server: Server-side application that facilitates peer discovery for collaborative editing sessions in Teletype](https://github.com/atom/teletype-server)

These were imported from my "noted" bookmarks folder, and it's kinda all over the place. The main themes are productivity apps, real-time collaboration and off-line first (I think crdt stuff bleeds into here as well), and probably some UI/design ideas!

- [Why a Visual Workspace | Walling](https://walling.app/visual-workspace)
- [Brisqi – Offline-first Personal Kanban App](https://brisqi.com/)
- [zadam/trilium: Build your personal knowledge base with Trilium Notes](https://github.com/zadam/trilium)
- [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/)
- [CRDTs - Everything I know](https://wiki.nikitavoloboev.xyz/distributed-systems/crdt)
- [Nozbe/WatermelonDB: 🍉 Reactive & asynchronous database for powerful React and React Native apps ⚡️](https://github.com/Nozbe/WatermelonDB)
- [How to Build WatermelonDB Sync Backend in Elixir | Fahri NH](https://fahri.id/posts/how-to-build-watermelondb-sync-backend-in-elixir/)
- [pubkey/rxdb: 🔄 A realtime Database for JavaScript Applications](https://github.com/pubkey/rxdb)
- [irislib/iris-lib: Library for encrypted GUN channels and contact list management](https://github.com/irislib/iris-lib)
- [GUN — the database for freedom fighters - Docs v2.0](https://gun.eco/docs/Todo-Dapp)
- [Stacks - Secure productivity tool](https://stacks.rocks/)
- [lukasbach/yana: Powerful note-taking app with nested documents, full-text search, rich-text editor, code snippet editor and more](https://github.com/lukasbach/yana)
- [adazzle/react-data-grid: Feature-rich and customizable data grid React component](https://github.com/adazzle/react-data-grid)
- [react-grid-layout/react-grid-layout: A draggable and resizable grid layout with responsive breakpoints, for React.](https://github.com/react-grid-layout/react-grid-layout)
- [The Dashboards – Support](https://support.monday.com/hc/en-us/articles/360002187819-What-are-the-Dashboards-)
- [socketio/socket.io-redis-emitter: The Socket.IO Redis emitter, allowing to communicate with a group of Socket.IO servers from another Node.js process.](https://github.com/socketio/socket.io-redis-emitter)
- [Working with page content](https://developers.notion.com/docs/working-with-page-content)
- [All-in-One Collaboration. Remote Team Workspace. | Taskade](https://www.taskade.com/)
- [Dynalist demo](https://dynalist.io/demo/zGF4ozIIEEzkbFUKE-8Z5xgQ)
- [LegendKeeper - The best worldbuilding app for DMs](https://www.legendkeeper.com/)
- [Nimbus Web: A collaboration tool for your teamwork and business growth](https://nimbusweb.me/)
- [ticlo/rc-dock: Dock Layout for React Component](https://github.com/ticlo/rc-dock)
- [react-grid-layout/react-grid-layout: A draggable and resizable grid layout with responsive breakpoints, for React.](https://github.com/react-grid-layout/react-grid-layout#features)
- [yjs/y-prosemirror: ProseMirror editor binding for Yjs](https://github.com/yjs/y-prosemirror/)
- [yjs/y-leveldb: LevelDB database adapter for Yjs](https://github.com/yjs/y-leveldb)
- [josephg/diamond-types: The world's fastest CRDT. WIP.](https://github.com/josephg/diamond-types)
- [webclipper/web-clipper: For Notion,OneNote,Bear,Yuque,Joplin。Clip anything to anywhere](https://github.com/webclipper/web-clipper)
- [Apache Guacamole™](https://guacamole.apache.org/)
- [YousefED/SyncedStore: SyncedStore CRDT is an easy-to-use library for building live, collaborative applications that sync automatically.](https://github.com/YousefED/SyncedStore)
- [Nuclino | Your team’s collective brain](https://www.nuclino.com/)
- [Games | kittr](https://kittr.gg/games)
- [Tally Forms](https://tally.so/)
- [gildas-lormeau/SingleFileZ: Web Extension for Firefox/MS Edge and CLI tool to save a faithful copy of an entire web page in a self-extracting HTML/ZIP polyglot file](https://github.com/gildas-lormeau/SingleFileZ)
- [gildas-lormeau/SingleFile: Web Extension for Firefox/Chrome/MS Edge and CLI tool to save a faithful copy of an entire web page in a single HTML file](https://github.com/gildas-lormeau/SingleFile)
- [Walling - Visual space for your ideas, plans and projects.](https://walling.app/)
- [Znote - Markdown and Javascript Lab inspired by Jupyter](https://znote.io/)
- [seokju-na/geeks-diary: TIL writing tool for programmer](https://github.com/seokju-na/geeks-diary)
- [johannesjo/super-productivity: Super Productivity is an advanced todo list app with integrated Timeboxing and time tracking capabilities. It also comes with integrations for Jira, Gitlab, GitHub and Open Project.](https://github.com/johannesjo/super-productivity)
- [Eagle - Organize all your reference images in one place](https://eagle.cool/)
- [Inkdrop - Note-taking App with Robust Markdown Editor | Inkdrop](https://www.inkdrop.app/)
- [Introduction to the Zettelkasten Method • Zettelkasten Method](https://zettelkasten.de/introduction/)
- [What is a Zettelkasten? : Zettelkasten](https://www.reddit.com/r/Zettelkasten/comments/b566a4/what_is_a_zettelkasten/)
- [Explorable Explanations - Reactive Documents](http://worrydream.com/ExplorableExplanations/#reactiveDocument)
- [Ten Brighter Ideas? An Explorable Explanation](http://worrydream.com/TenBrighterIdeas/)
- [Introduction to SyncedStore | SyncedStore - Javascript CRDT based real-time sync](https://syncedstore.org/docs/)
- [The Visual Collaboration Platform for Every Team | Miro](https://miro.com/)
- [Infinite Canvas](https://infinitecanvas.tools/)
- [Kinopio](https://kinopio.club/)
- [Unbundling Tools for Thought](about:reader?url=https%3A%2F%2Fborretti.me%2Farticle%2Funbundling-tools-for-thought)
- [Collaborative Editing Backend – Hocuspocus](https://tiptap.dev/hocuspocus/)
- [YousefED/BlockNote: A "Notion-style" block-based extensible text editor built on top of Prosemirror and Tiptap.](https://github.com/YousefED/BlockNote)
- [apitable/apitable: 🚀🎉📚 APITable, an API-oriented low-code platform for building collaborative apps and better than all other Airtable open-source alternatives. [WIP]](https://github.com/apitable/apitable)
- [aardappel/treesheets: TreeSheets : Free Form Data Organizer (see strlen.com/treesheets)](https://github.com/aardappel/treesheets)
- [Dozuki | Create the Frontline of the Future](https://www.dozuki.com/)
- [ether/etherpad-lite: Etherpad: A modern really-real-time collaborative document editor.](https://github.com/ether/etherpad-lite)
- [sanity-io/sanity: Sanity Studio – Rapidly configure content workspaces powered by structured content](https://github.com/sanity-io/sanity)
- [konvajs/konva: Konva.js is an HTML5 Canvas JavaScript framework that extends the 2d context by enabling canvas interactivity for desktop and mobile applications.](https://github.com/konvajs/konva)
- [Building data-centric apps with a reactive relational database](https://riffle.systems/essays/prelude/)
- [A UI library for a relational language](https://www.scattered-thoughts.net/writing/relational-ui/)
- [Project Cambria: Translate your data with lenses](https://www.inkandswitch.com/cambria/)
- [FortuneSheet Document](https://ruilisi.github.io/fortune-sheet-docs/)
- [Overview — Kinto 15.0 documentation](https://docs.kinto-storage.org/en/stable/overview.html)
- [A Gentle Introduction to CRDTs - vlcn.io](https://vlcn.io/blog/gentle-intro-to-crdts.html)
- [Local-First Web Development](https://localfirstweb.dev/)
- [evoluhq/evolu: React Hooks library for local-first apps with end-to-end encrypted backup and sync using SQLite and CRDT](https://github.com/evoluhq/evolu)
- [jlongster/absurd-sql: sqlite3 in ur indexeddb (hopefully a better backend soon)](https://github.com/jlongster/absurd-sql)
- [vlcn.io - Device Sync & Collaboration Simplified](https://vlcn.io/)
- [Strut - An HTML5 Presentation Editor](http://strut.io/#!)
- [tantaman/Strut: Strut - An Impress.js and Bespoke.js Presentation Editor](https://github.com/tantaman/strut)
- [TinyBase](https://tinybase.org/)
- [In Search of a Local-First Database | Jared Forsyth.com](https://jaredforsyth.com/posts/in-search-of-a-local-first-database/)
- [Home - remoteStorage](https://remotestorage.io/)
- [Home · Solid](https://solidproject.org/)
- [Kinto Storage - A generic JSON document store with sharing and synchronisation capabilities](https://www.kinto-storage.org/)
- [Slite – Your Modern Knowledge Base](https://slite.com/)
- [talk - dotjs-crdt-slides.pdf](https://archive.jlongster.com/s/dotjs-crdt-slides.pdf)
- [BaldissaraMatheus/Tasks.md: A self-hosted, file based task management board that supports Markdown syntax](https://github.com/BaldissaraMatheus/Tasks.md)
- [peer-base/peer-pad: 📝 Online editor providing collaborative editing in really real-time using CRDTs and IPFS.](https://github.com/peer-base/peer-pad)
- [DeepNotesApp/DeepNotes: End-to-end encrypted visual note-taking tool with deep page navigation.](https://github.com/DeepNotesApp/DeepNotes)
- [The Wails Project | Wails](https://wails.io/)
- [appsmithorg/appsmith: Framework to build admin panels, internal tools, and dashboards. Integrates with 15+ databases and any API.](https://github.com/appsmithorg/appsmith)
- [pacocoursey/cmdk: Fast, unstyled command menu React component.](https://github.com/pacocoursey/cmdk)
- [makeplane/plane: 🔥 🔥 🔥 Open Source JIRA, Linear and Height Alternative. Plane helps you track your issues, epics, and product roadmaps in the simplest way possible.](https://github.com/makeplane/plane)
- [GetPublii/Publii: The most intuitive Static Site CMS designed for SEO-optimized and privacy-focused websites.](https://github.com/GetPublii/Publii/tree/master)
- [Bonfire](https://bonfirenetworks.org/)
- [Local-First Web Development | Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=34857435)
- [bangle-io/bangle.dev: Collection of higher level rich text editing tools. It powers the local only note taking app https://bangle.io](https://github.com/bangle-io/bangle.dev)
- [bangle-io/bangle-io: A web only WYSIWYG note taking app that saves notes locally in markdown format.](https://github.com/bangle-io/bangle-io/tree/dev)
- [windingwind/zotero-better-notes: Everything about note management. All in Zotero.](https://github.com/windingwind/zotero-better-notes)
- [Skiff - Private, encrypted, secure email - 10 GB free](https://skiff.com/)
- [Floutwork](https://www.floutwork.com/)
- [omnivore-app/omnivore: Omnivore is a complete, open source read-it-later solution for people who like reading.](https://github.com/omnivore-app/omnivore)
- [The open-source, self-hostable to-do app | Vikunja](https://vikunja.io/)
- [streetwriters/notesnook: A fully open source & end-to-end encrypted note taking alternative to Evernote.](https://github.com/streetwriters/notesnook)
- [Nino](https://nino.app/)
- [Dimension — The new standard for collaboration.](https://www.dimension.dev/)
- [Heynote](https://heynote.com/)
- [GitHub - teableio/teable: ✨ A Super fast, Real-time, Professional, Developer friendly, No code database](https://github.com/teableio/teable/tree/develop)
- [GitHub - teableio/teable: ✨ A Super fast, Real-time, Professional, Developer friendly, No code database](https://github.com/teableio/teable)
- [tk04/Marker: A Desktop App for Easily Viewing and Editing Markdown Files](https://github.com/tk04/Marker)
- [Stashpad - Your streamlined Google Docs alternative](https://www.stashpad.com/)
- [peer-base/peer-pad at 749aac1a0ea27ac50b48f662437aa50e225d1148](https://github.com/peer-base/peer-pad/tree/749aac1a0ea27ac50b48f662437aa50e225d1148)
- [Amie](https://amie.so/)
- [orbitinghail/sqlsync: SQLSync is a collaborative offline-first wrapper around SQLite. It is designed to synchronize web application state between users, devices, and the edge.](https://github.com/orbitinghail/)
