notes/_tech-critique.mdx, before:

---
title: Tech [critique]
created: 02/06/26
tags: tech,ai,capitalism
---

- [It's Rude to Show AI Output to People](https://distantprovince.by/posts/its-rude-to-show-ai-output-to-people/)
> But whenever you _propagate AI output_, you're at risk of intentionally or unintentionally legitimizing it with your good name, providing it with a fake proof-of-thought.
  
- [The True Threat of Artifical Intelligence 🔥](https://archive.is/8RGgb)
> Margaret Thatcher’s other famous neoliberal dictum was that “[there is no such thing as society](https://archive.is/i7il7)". 
The A.G.I. lobby unwittingly shares this grim view. For them, the kind of intelligence worth replicating is a function of what happens in individuals’ heads rather than in society at large.
- [The cults of TDD and GenAI](https://drewdevault.com/2026/01/29/2026-01-29-Cult-of-TDD-and-LLMs.html)
- [A Website to Destroy All Websites](https://henry.codes/writing/a-website-to-destroy-all-websites/)
- [Using AI Generated Code Will Make You a Bad Programmer](https://unsolicited-opinions.rudism.com/bad-programmer/)
> I don't want to commission some art and pretend to be the artist. I want to _be the artist_.
- [Why I Won't Use AI](https://agentultra.com/blog/why-i-wont-use-ai/index.html)
- [AI Crap](https://drewdevault.com/2023/08/29/2023-08-29-AI-crap.html)
- [Post-Open Source](https://www.boringcactus.com/2020/08/13/post-open-source.html)
- [Capitalism and Computers in the Era of A.I. (syllabus)](https://cceai.ohrg.org/syllabus.pdf)

Commit message:

abolish the cop inside your designer head

notes/_tech-critique.mdx, after:

---
title: Tech [critique]
created: 02/06/26
tags: tech,ai,capitalism
---

- [Abolish the Cop Inside Your (Designer’s) Head Unraveling the Links Between Design and Policing](https://designmuseumfoundation.org/abolish-the-cop-inside-your-designers-head/)
- [It's Rude to Show AI Output to People](https://distantprovince.by/posts/its-rude-to-show-ai-output-to-people/)
> But whenever you _propagate AI output_, you're at risk of intentionally or unintentionally legitimizing it with your good name, providing it with a fake proof-of-thought.
  
- [The True Threat of Artifical Intelligence 🔥](https://archive.is/8RGgb)
> Margaret Thatcher’s other famous neoliberal dictum was that “[there is no such thing as society](https://archive.is/i7il7)". 
The A.G.I. lobby unwittingly shares this grim view. For them, the kind of intelligence worth replicating is a function of what happens in individuals’ heads rather than in society at large.
- [The cults of TDD and GenAI](https://drewdevault.com/2026/01/29/2026-01-29-Cult-of-TDD-and-LLMs.html)
- [A Website to Destroy All Websites](https://henry.codes/writing/a-website-to-destroy-all-websites/)
- [Using AI Generated Code Will Make You a Bad Programmer](https://unsolicited-opinions.rudism.com/bad-programmer/)
> I don't want to commission some art and pretend to be the artist. I want to _be the artist_.
- [Why I Won't Use AI](https://agentultra.com/blog/why-i-wont-use-ai/index.html)
- [AI Crap](https://drewdevault.com/2023/08/29/2023-08-29-AI-crap.html)
- [Post-Open Source](https://www.boringcactus.com/2020/08/13/post-open-source.html)
- [Capitalism and Computers in the Era of A.I. (syllabus)](https://cceai.ohrg.org/syllabus.pdf)
